Update installation docs for macOS (#113)
ilastik/ilastik.github.io: documentation/basics/installation.md

### Installation on Mac

[Download]({{site.baseurl}}/download.html) the `.tar.bz2` file for your version of OSX and extract its contents with a simple double-click.

> Copy ilastik.app to the folder of your choice (usually your `Applications` folder), Control-click the app icon and choose "Open" to begin (for more info, see https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/open-a-mac-app-from-an-unidentified-developer-mh40616/mac).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy ilastik.app to the folder of your choice (usually your `Applications` folder), Control-click the app icon and choose "Open" to start ilastik ([more info here](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/open-a-mac-app-from-an-unidentified-developer-mh40616/mac)).
```
